HOW TO PLAY

1) Setup:
    a) At the start of the game each player rolls a dice to decide the order in which they play (highest=first, lowest=last);
        players that roll the same number will roll again who goes first between them. Each player then chooses a color.
    b) After shuffling the deck of objectives, each player is given one card, the first player to complete his objective wins.
    c) After shuffling the deck of territories, the 42 cards are distributed one by one to the players. These are the territories
        the players start with
    c) Players take turns (following the order determined at 1a) placing 3 tanks at a time on their territories. The players can 
        place them however they want: all in one territory or distributed more in some than in others. This process continues
        until there are no more tanks. NOTE: each territory MUST have at least one tank.

2) Player turns:
    a) At the start of his turn the player gains a number of tanks based on the numbero of territories he owns:
        number_of_territories / 3 (rounded down). If the player owns all the territories of a continent he also gains more tanks
        based on the continent:
        Oceania -> 2 tanks          Europe -> 5 tanks
        South America -> 2 tanks    North America -> 5 tanks
        Africa -> 3 tanks           Asia -> 7 tanks
    b) The player can play a combination of 3 army cards to gain more tanks:
        3 cannons -> 4 tanks
        3 infantry -> 6 tanks       
        3 knights -> 8 tanks
        1 infantry, 1 cannon, 1 knight -> 10 tanks
        How the cards are drawn is explained at .
    c) After deploying the new tanks in his territories, the player can attack or move his tanks. To attack he has to choose
        a neighboring enemy territory and declare how many tanks he wants to deploy for the attack (remember there has to be
        at least one tank not in combat that stays in the territory). Both the attacking player and the defending player throw 
        dices based on the number of tanks deployed (max 3). The dices with the highest result are confronted in pairs, the 
        losing dice indicates that the owner has to remove it from his territory; in case of a draw, the defender wins. 
        If the defending player lost all his tanks in his territory, the attacking player moves his remaining tanks into the 
        obtained territory.
        e.g. p1 attacks p2 by using 3 tanks, p2 has 5 tanks on his territory but decides to defend with two:
             p1 rolls 3, 1, 5
             p2 rolls 6, 2
             6 > 5 -> p1 loses a tank
             3 > 2 -> p2 loses a tank
             by using only 2 tanks p2 avoided the risk of losing 2 tanks and instead lost only 1, but if he had deployed
             another he would have won, since any result would have been higher or equal 1, also if the third dice resulted
             in a 6 he wouldn't have lost a single tank. Using more dices can increase the chances of winning.
    d) During his turn, the player can attack as many times as he wants (as long as he has enough tanks). He can also move his
        tanks between his territories (leaving minimum 1 tank), but after this his turn ends. At the end of his turn, if the 
        player conquered a territory (or more), he draws a card from the army deck.